hey guys what is up I'm Gabe and I'm
gonna be playing a game egg a sticker
but you - I'm not really gonna be
playing it this is more of a quick like
little hack you can do I really a hack
but wait no no go back
back new game let's just make a new
account
polina socially awkward and interpretive
dancer this thing isn't for no really
good things it's only an actual for
actual play clothes so just go with that
yeah boss did poop itself so I have to
use my trackpad start here click skip
yep this is up little bit hack on how to
get like like the little glitch on how
to get like over 50 billion I think
billion oh no I think you get five
hundred million dollars it's a quick
little glitch I found out this is the
director's cut okay yes you're good okay
excellent
well yeah first need to get a little bit
of money so you ready to do some work
all you need is a fake ID and like 10
bucks or any kind of ID really this is
in the director's cut
it might work in anything else but I'm
not sure I'm too lazy to it all I know
this is the director's cut and it works
here I'm night working the demo
oh sweet funny watching manager so
you're back up and the manager gave you
bucks for as long as keep it not sure
that is oh sweet sweet money is this is
so much better because I can do the
blush my god having to work like forever
now go and buy the ID I need to do is go
that now I just need to go there this
guy buy fake ID now he's got a jog to
this casino make me show you this casino
right here you need to go into this one
you go into this one well it might work
and lead tot like The Jeffersons quad or
whatever that's called you go to this
table okay and then you click on it and
then you vote on unicorn on the cob put
as much money as you want and so be sure
to only do this once because like if you
do too many times it'll bitch out and
I'll just keep on
generating money any won't be able to
bind me see alright fifty million
dollars it's still going yep that's what
I got
that's the glitch I want five billion
dollars anymore like five billion
that's the butch and you get a whole
bunch of freaking money now you know buy
anything you want but don't do it more
than once
well you can but it might work but the
chances are it won't work
like it'll bleach out and you'll just
keep on generating money really slowly
and you won't be able to buy anything
I'm gonna try to beat up this guy run a
fight and I just lost money
we did it game out on this okay that's
the bitch and it's really cool thanks
for watching guys um this has been my
second video for today I hope it really
helps and I hope it works on the Elm
stick I ridgy to website this is the
demo this is their actress then yeah
this is the director's cut but still
mean its 15th billion for $18 um so I'm
gonna buy a block of time all the time
they have monocle buy all big and
crystal Spears from the guy you gonna
buy all the 4d object
okay this is just a quick little thing
like that I mean I might do an actual
stick RPG let's play like later on but
for now it's just this yeah well you get
the idea
thanks for watching this has been a cool
little witch I'm gonna get money oh I
think I might be an easter egg more than
a glitch oh good
oh well I hope you guys enjoyed really
helped me I'll see you later